[MUSIC PLAYING]
You know, you should
take a partner.
I'm ready.
I'm just waiting for
the right person.
What about me?
You're 65.
I'm 109.
It would be a disaster.
Besides, what about
the new guy, Ballion?
He's bi.
Bi?
Yes, bi-humanoid.
He's one single soul
in two humanoid bodies.
[LAUGHS]
-That's nothing.
You see that all
the time nowadays.
EELA: Some say that the Akashic
Records will show humans
as filled with heart but
unaware of the Gift's
ultimate potential.
ENO: You know, I don't
really care what's recorded
in the Akashic Records.
No one even knows
where those are.
Have you ever seen them?
EELA: No.
That's the whole point.
You don't see them.
ENO: Mhm.
What is it about them
that draws you so?
Their humor is like
nothing I've ever seen.
We have humor.
Name the funniest
being in our culture.
All right.
Miho.
ENO: Miho Carone is the funniest
being in our multiverse?
I believe so.
If that's true, throw
me into the Black
Hole of Orion right now.
I'm serious.
I'll disincorporate on
the spot and reemerge
into a culture with some irony.
Is that your mother?
Ballion, what are
you doing here?
I was awakened by a
vision of a journey.
One that you will not
be allowed to make.
What business is that of yours?
I'm managing this dialogue.
I've assigned Ballion
to this post because
of his intuitive abilities.
We are aware of
your mother figure's
fondness for the blue planet.
I'm also aware of her--
Unsuccessful mission
to plant the Gift.
It wasn't unsuccessful.
There are countless
shrines to the Gift.
Yes, but they have chosen not
to use it as it was intended.
I don't want to go up because
they're doing anything wrong.
Their use of the gift is unique.
Eno believes that a
descendant of the man
who received the Gift now
leaves in Recent Mexico.
New Mexico.
I simply want to
meet her face-to-face
and share with her what
else the Gift is capable of.
That will not be condoned.
BALLION A: You will not be
allowed to leave this chamber--
Until counsel can
be administered.
Eno, I offer my assistance.
Do you accept?
Because you are a
friend of Eela's--
I made an appeal, but
they would not give in.
-Tell me.
-Why are you so drawn to them?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's an umbrella.
It's quite useful.
Transmission incoming.
You know what happens to me--
If this is logged on my record.
It was my decision.
Mine alone.
I will cover for you--
BALLION B: For Eela's sake.
EELA: Don't do me any favors.
And have fun with Zap, or
Zip, or whatever her name is.
Paz employs my services.
BALLION B: NOTHING else.
BALLION A: I will
cover for you--
For a limited time segment.
But under three conditions.
Number one, you must
not reveal your origins.
BALLION A: Number two, you
must record your experiences
and transmit them to me.
And number three,
you must eat daily--
At the most popular
establishment--
Vouched for by 57
million inhabitants.
-Would you repeat number three?
-It's all right.
He's attempting to be humorous.
I'll also study Earth humor and
hope to discover their secret,
so that we may all benefit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
May I see an image
of the descended one?
Certainly.
Access personal file 3901.
Her name is Bonnie.
Her location is not recorded.
No, it was not in the archives.
But according to my
research, her parents
lived right above a
local shrine to the Gift.
Perhaps Bonnie still
resides there, as well.
Perhaps.
That's a nice touch.
Very human.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'll have the
Happy Meal, please.
You don't have
to qualify for it.
Anything else?
The fruit and nut pack and
the apple pie for this one.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey!
[LAUGHTER]
Easy there, homeboy.
Girlfriend's just trying
to give you some love.
GUY: Oh, thanks, home slice.
[LAUGHTER]
(WHISPERING) We
need to blend in.
Follow my lead.
[SMACK]
Ouch!
That is not necessary.
Easy, homeboy.
Girlfriend's just
showing you some love.
How would homegirl like a
kick in the digestive exit?
Study the brochures.
I'll inquire.
Perhaps we are in
search of a location.
I'm in the mood for
a little kickback.
Need to take my
mind off the moment
and spin the light fantastic.
Me and home-slice here
don't know where to look.
Oh.
Well, you can use
our computer kiosk.
Just google it.
This woman has
excellent advice.
Please, Eno.
Google.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GURGLING]
Find location.
Donde esta locaciones?
(OVERENUNCIATING) Find location.
Find location.
Don't you know how to type?
ENO: Search "Shrine
to the Gift."
WOMAN: Nope, nothing.
ENO: Try simply "movie theater."
WOMAN: Yep.
There you go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
ENO: We have located
a shrine to the Gift,
the one we have been seeking.
We are en route to
its destination.
This particular
shrine is showing
an Earth cinema I
have yet to experience
entitled "Casablanca."
We will investigate and
hope that the descended one
is nearby.
Excuse me.
We're in search of
someone named Bonnie.
Is it possible that she
resides above this building?
See the sign right above my
head that says Information?
I'll find it.
No.
That's because there isn't one.
Movie tickets, that
I can help you with.
Hit me one more time.
Then we'll have a deal.
Whoa.
Whoa!
It's all right.
It's just a mannequin.
Welcome to "Casablanca" Week.
Our problems don't
amount to a hill
of beans in this crazy world.
Don't be afraid.
I think this will
be the beginning
of a very beautiful friendship.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What can you do
in the present that
will inspire this Earth
woman to understand
the Gift's potential?
What can we do?
Yes, home-slice.
Whatever's necessary.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
ENO (VOICEOVER): Earthlings
have been in love with movies
for more than a
century, and no one
is going to stop me from helping
them learn the reason why.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MAN: Hailee?
William, what are
you doing here?
I wanted to tell you in person.
My fourth request for
funding your foundations-- it
was turned down flat.
I'm so sorry.
You have absolutely
nothing to be sorry about.
We've been here how many times?
It's--
There's a rumor you've been
funding your own research
for two years?
I wish I had that
kind of money.
[LAUGHS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
"Dear Ms. Lumiere, we're
sorry to inform you that
your screenplay, entitled
'Heartsong,' is not
something we are interested in.
Please let us know if you've
any other scripts in the genre
or horror or sexual thriller."
Here we are.
[PHONE RINGING]
Oh!
[LAUGHS]
[DIALING]
MR. PETERS (ON PHONE): Hello?
Mr. Peters, it's Marcia.
Very funny.
I just got a text
that says, "Oh,
thank you very much for your
work with us for 15 years,
but we have to let you
go." is this your, uh--
MR. PETERS (ON PHONE): Don't
shirk your own responsibility
in this, Marcia.
This is your fault. You
should have seen it coming.
If you didn't see it coming,
you are blind, blind, blind.
Really don't want to hear
the victim story from
someone--
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
CUSTOMER: Look, I come
here three times a week,
at least three times a week.
I was hoping that for once,
you could get my order right.
CLERK: Well, what seems
to be the problem?
I don't make a big deal about
this, but I ordered a latte.
This is an Americano.
You know, our problems
don't really amount to a hill
of beans in this crazy world.
Nice.
Never mind.
We'll always have Paris.
We'd lost it until
you came to Casablanca,
but now we've got it back.
This is so touching, but
can we move it along, please?
There's others in line.
No, I don't know
what I'm going to do.
You're gonna get on that plane,
because if you don't, you'll
regret it.
Maybe not tomorrow, but
someday, and for the rest
of your life.
Oh, forget it.
Hey, dude, I'm
way past my break.
Can you chillax for a second?
I'm going to say yes.
Darren, I never got a break.
Bonnie, register, please.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
[INAUDIBLE]?
What can I get for you?
We'd like two caffeinated
beverages, please.
OK, two coffees.
Let's say, medium?
-Medium.
-OK, two medium drips.
I will secure sleep chambers
nearby, and some sort
of oral sedative for you.
[CUPS CLATTER]
Apologies.
I'm very sorry.
It wasn't intentional.
I'll reorganize.
Can't believe
you're still working.
You gonna write something
that's gonna sell?
Please don't
listen to that man.
Yeah, well, he's my boyfriend.
Hey, cue ball, you want
to step away from my girl,
or do you want me to
help you with that?
Are you messing with me, man?
Am I messing with you?
Come on.
Let's have a talk outside.
Stop it.
You're such a jerk.
Marcia.
Look, Baldy, I don't want
you in my comfort zone.
We clear?
If you can tell me
the size of your zone,
I may be of assistance.
BONNIE: Jorge, stop it!
He wasn't even bothering me.
Some kind of Hare
Krishna or something.
Santa Fe Police, this
is Marcia Lippman.
I am outside the
railyard station.
I need you assistance
immediately.
Shut up, you old bag.
Mind your own business.
(SHOUTING) That's enough!
You don't want me in
your nightmare, do you?
Do you?
Come on, son.
The choice is gonna get harder.
[INAUDIBLE], woman.
Better step off, Junior,
'cause you don't me.
You better ask somebody before
you get yourself in trouble.
Go on about your
business, 'cause I'm gonna
roll up on you in a minute.
I didn't think so.
Everybody inside.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, you better
watch out, Jorge.
Little old lady's gonna
kick your ass again.
[LAUGHS]
Are you all right?
Yes, thank you.
I like your haircut.
Thank you.
This is my friend Eela.
Nice to meet you.
Hi, I'm Hailee Parks.
Ooh, Hailee is famous.
Three years ago, she was on
the cover of "Time Magazine."
Well, my staff and
I were, not just me.
Yeah, I thought that
you looked familiar.
Didn't you almost find a
cure for some kind of cancer?
Almost only counts in
horseshoes and hand grenades.
BONNIE: I' gotta run.
HAILEE: See you later.
OK, I'll see you later.
Oh, don't forget,
8 o'clock tonight.
-I won't.
-OK.
Bye.
Bonnie, may I speak with you?
I'm-- I'm sorry, I'm
running a little late.
I gotta go visit my father.
ENO: Wait!
Antoine Lumiere is alive?
How did you know his name?
I've followed your
family's history since 1895.
Oh.
OK.
Film buffs.
Great.
I'm sorry, I gotta go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What'd you just do?
My dad used to do that
to me when I was a kid.
I need to meet your father.
Perhaps he needs to meet me.
Well, he's been in private
care since I was 10.
He has dementia.
No, I don't think that he does.
Come on.
Hi, Dad.
How you feeling?
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
It's good to see you.
I hope it's OK.
I wanted you to
meet, um, Eela and--
-Eno.
[MUSIC CHANGES TO UPBEAT SONG]
Dad!
Hey, are you OK?
They were both in the car.
My dad almost died, too.
When he realized my mom was
gone-- he hasn't spoken since.
MARCIA: Your dad's so strong.
He's going to be just fine.
BONNIE: Thank you.
Thank you for your
hospital vitality.
Hospitality, yes.
Thank you.
Ah.
You're very welcome.
You said there was
more to talk about?
So let's talk.
There was a time
before recorded history.
There was a place.
It was called Lemuria.
HAILEE: Yes, a
civilization that may
well have preceded Atlantis.
It was in the South Pacific
region, near Bora Bora.
I don't think there's
been any proof.
ENO: That's true.
There's-- there's no proof.
But the story is that
there were beings
there called the Dreamers.
They were part of
Lemurian culture,
but they were a
little hard to find.
They lived away
from the main clan.
But when you came across
one of these Dreamers,
they would ask you
what your dream was,
and then they would
literally, physically,
dream you into that reality.
Now, legend is that other
cultures, from the stars,
would visit these Dreamers.
And they were so
taken by this idea
that they built the first
technological version of it.
I never heard that part.
Where'd you hear that?
The Discovery Channel.
Yeah.
Yes, the Discovery Channel.
I'm going to do the dishes.
Oh, no famous scientist
does dishes in my house.
My dad used to tell me stories
about that, what you spoke of.
He believed he could do it.
Bonnie, your
father's not crazy.
If you make a cinema
with a proper intention,
you can literally
change another's life.
So I can change
someone else's life?
Yes.
That's why the camera was
seeded here in the first place.
Perhaps you've said
enough for tonight.
Thank you, Eela.
Well, what if they don't
want their life changed?
Then it wouldn't change.
Your intentions must be aligned.
Intention is everything.
Your father knew this.
He also knows you can do
the same thing, as well.
Well, what would I have to do?
Just choose.
Whose life would
you like to change?
What is it?
What?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
ENO (VOICEOVER): The
original Gift was camera
and projector in one device.
There are many
uses for the gift.
Gather as many
images as you wish,
but for this particular
purpose, only project
what you truly want to create.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Are you taping again?
Hi.
CASHIER: Out of
all the gin joints
in all the towns in all the
world, and you stop into mine.
Play it, Sam.
Play the song I want to hear.
Oh, no, sir.
You told me never to play that.
Hey, girl.
Oh!
I was so glad to see your call.
How've you been?
This is Marcia.
-Hi.
Nice to meet you.
I'm godmother to
Yuka's daughter.
Come on, show her the pictures.
I just have a few minutes.
What is it?
I'm so sorry to tell you this
way, but I promised Betsy.
I gotta go.
-Yuka?
BETSY (VOICEOVER): Dear
Hailee, I know you're
busy with your scientific work.
Mom tells me I have
something called lymphoma,
and I wanted to know if you
have any new treatments for me
that you've discovered.
I don't want Mom to worry.
And you're the
smartest woman I know.
What is it?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Leave it on.
I want you to film it.
I've raised money, stayed
up for weeks at a time,
divorced my husband, neglected
my health and those close
to me.
But I did it because
I was after something.
I never cried, never
complained, because I'm a doer.
[LAUGHS] And the one
thing I've always wanted
is the one thing I need to
save my goddaughter's life.
And I don't have it.
ENO (VOICEOVER): In a
way, you are collecting
all images, all
emotions, the way it is
and the way you'd like it to be.
Then, if you choose,
use the Gift to focus
upon what you truly desire.
Just follow your intuition.
You'll be fine.
-OK.
They're spying on us.
There's something I
should have told you.
I am connected to this human.
It was my parent figure that
brought the Gift to Earth.
EELA: Yes, I know.
ENO: There's something else my
family's chosen not to share.
There was an encounter, the
nature of which was unexpected.
Bonnie and I are of
the same lineage.
I want you to
try something now.
For the next couple minutes,
I want you to talk only
about what you want
to see in your life,
as if you could wave a magic
wand and create anything.
I see my entire
staff reinstated,
and they all have their own
personalized parking spots.
I see vibrant red
balls that symbolize
our passionate hearts.
I see a picture in my mind
of myself at my very best.
A fearless heart that resonates
with an endless passion
to create.
And with a little
coaching from my director,
I realize this is who I am.
So I hold this self-portrait
of positivity in my heart.
And I, um, honor myself for
my beauty and my strength.
Wow.
The moment I said that, I
felt a rush of possibilities,
as if there was an
unlimited potential.
And it was here, right
here, the whole time.
Eno, there's a
message from Ballion.
It's all right.
It's just a painting.
I was in your quarters
monitoring your progress.
I was there longer
than expected and--
Security Console found me.
Your actions are
no longer a secret.
If you do not
return immediately--
You will be extracted with
or without your consent.
Ballion, why were you in
Eno's quarters for so long?
I watched--
Two of your Earth cinemas.
Which ones?
A cinematic set
simply entitled--
-"Rocky."
-Yes.
The one least
likely to succeed--
Rose up and became champion--
Of the world.
It was his inner strength that
propelled him like a rocket.
He kind of reminds me of you.
Interesting that you say that.
Because when they spoke
of Eye of the Tiger--
I felt it inside.
-[LAUGHS] Yes, I'm sure you did.
-Are you--
Laughing?
Yes, you're very funny
when you're inspired.
Eye of the Tiger.
And funny.
It is a new day.
I believe you were
caught in a solar storm.
It can't be helped.
Or circumnavigated.
The heat is simply too great.
But I will report your
return is imminent.
Are you sure you don't
want the big room?
No, this is lovely.
I like this one.
OK.
I want you to stay
as long as you like.
Thank you, Marcia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, Hailee.
Um, OK.
Since you're a scientist, I'm
going to give you a formula
that you can follow every day.
The first ingredient--
you must create
a state of deep relaxation.
The fastest way to do
this is with laughter.
My apologies about the
display stand the other night.
Oh, no problem, man.
[CRASH]
[LAUGHTER]
Decaf.
Thank you.
Second ingredient is
to create heart-opening.
I love you, Hailee.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The third ingredient--
you must see
your cinematic
image in your mind
and then allow your
heart to follow.
I see a picture in my
mind of the very best
of myself. [LAUGHS]
You have such dignity
and a quiet strength.
I wish more women could
see that in themselves.
I affirm my fearless
heart that resonates
with and endless passion
to create. [LAUGHS]
MARCIA: You know, when I read
about your life and your work,
I was so fired up, I
sent out 50 resumes.
50.
I'm William Bartholt. I helped
raise a small amount of funding
for her research.
It was years ago.
You know, I hope you're
not expecting some
mushy, tearful outpouring here.
That's-- that's
just not my nature.
No.
No expectations.
You can look right in the
lens, too, if you want.
WILLIAM: OK.
Hello, Hailee.
I just wanted to say thank you.
You first met my son,
Gabe, when he was 10.
After hearing about your
work, he immediately
wanted a toy microscope.
Gabe has graduated from Harvard.
He hopes to find a
cure for Alzheimer's.
Inspiring someone's
child-- (EMOTIONALLY)
I don't think there's a greater
gift you could give a parent.
Thank you, Hailee.
Hey.
I do feel different.
I don't know if I
completely understand why.
I'm so glad.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[LAUGHTER]
[KNOCK]
Hailee.
You must have overslept.
William's here.
-William?
Bartholt?
-Very funny.
Coffee's on the stove.
I gotta run.
[LAUGHTER]
I thought it would
be fun to, uh,
bring the funds over myself.
Oh.
HAILEE: Oh.
It's not much.
Oh my god!
Oh!
[LAUGHTER]
Thank you.
(WHISPERING) Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
BONNIE (VOICEOVER): Bye, guys.
I'll miss you.
ENO (VOICEOVER): We
will miss you, as well.
Bye-bye.
We are astounded
at their heart.
No matter the pain or
setback, their ability
to create an evolution
from within surpasses
any ability we've
ever encountered.
It's as if their depth
of emotion from adversity
helps them to feel
deeper, to laugh harder,
to live at the highest
possible vibration.
We will miss them, but we
will carry them in our hearts.
Eno, is there anything
you wish to add?
Yes.
This could be the beginning
of a beautiful friendship
[MUSIC PLAYING]